JAVA-2959 Descriptive error when a Node has no available connections (#1570)
apache/cassandra-java-driver: upgrade_guide/README.md

## Upgrade guide

### 4.14.0

#### AllNodesFailedException instead of NoNodeAvailableException in certain cases

> [JAVA-2959](https://datastax-oss.atlassian.net/browse/JAVA-2959) changed the behavior for when a
> request is directed to a particular node (via `Statement#setNode(Node)`) and all connections to that
> node are busy. Previously you would get back a `NoNodeAvailableException` but you will now get back
> an `AllNodesFailedException` where the `getAllErrors` map contains a `NodeUnavailableException`
> for that node.

Reviewer: `Statement#setNode(Node)` is not the only way by which you could observe the new behavior. I suggest a more generic rephrasing:

```suggestion
[JAVA-2959](https://datastax-oss.atlassian.net/browse/JAVA-2959) changed the behavior for when a
request cannot be executed because all nodes tried were busy. Previously you would get back a 
`NoNodeAvailableException` but you will now get back an `AllNodesFailedException` where the 
`getAllErrors` map contains a `NodeUnavailableException` for that node.
```

Author: done
